I'm Michael Maile, I'm working here at MBRDNA,
and I'm the manager of the sensor fusion team.
MBRDNA stands for Mercedes-Benz Research and Development North America,
and it's the research and development center for Mercedes-Benz in the USA.
I manage the sensor fusion and localization team,
and our role is to come up with
a coherent and accurate description of
the driving environment that the autonomous vehicle finds itself in.
I mainly keep the people in my team happy.
It sounds silly, but this is the main thing,
keeping the team together,
and keeping them motivated,
and sort of making everybody run in the same direction is my basic function.